Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
      
•
 Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
      
•
 Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.It won't affect the user's experience that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
      
•
 Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
      
•
 Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.It won't affect the user's experience that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small
            files that a site or its service
            provider transfers to your
            computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables
            the site's or service
            provider's systems to recognize your
            browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use
            cookies to help us
            remember and process the items in your
            shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences
            based on previous or
            current site activity, which enables us
            to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us
            compile aggregate data about
            site traffic and site interaction
            so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Understand and save user's preferences for
                future visits.
            
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and
                site interactions in
                order to offer better site
                experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third party
                services that track
                this information on our behalf.
            

            You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being
            sent, or you can choose to
            turn off all cookies. You do this
            through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a
            little different, so look
            at your browser's Help menu to
            learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
            

            If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled It won't affect
            the users experience that
            make your site experience more
            efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
            
