Alexa, open chess maven
Welcome back to Chess Maven. You are playing as black. Which piece would you like to move next.
jump
How would you like to proceed with your next move.
change game type
Are you certain you would like to start a new game.
No
alright keeping your current game. That move is not valid. Repeat requests with the word 'move' before each phrase for enhanced processing. What move do you want to make.
I do not know
What piece do you want to move next.
change game type
Are you certain you want to cancel this game and start a new one.
No
alright keeping your current game. That move is not valid. Repeat requests with the word 'move' before each phrase for enhanced processing. What move do you want to make.
forth
Which move would you like to make now.
change game type
Are you certain you would like to start a new game.
I do not know
alright keeping your current game. That move is not legal. Say move requests with the word 'move' before each phrase for enhanced processing. What move do you want to make.
play
If you aren't sure what move you should make try asking for a hint. You start with three free per game and they will tell you your best possible move. Should I continue your tutorial.
a hint
After consulting the hamsters, your current best move is to move your pawn at C 7 to C 5. You have earned the achievement First Hint. You weren't afraid to ask for help, which is a great sign for your future chess career. Way to go. What move do you want to make.
help
To hear random legal moves say 'what moves can I make' To start a new game say 'start a new game' and To find out how many hints you have say 'how many hints'. How would you like to proceed with your next move.
what moves can I make To start a new game
A selection of valid moves include your pawn at G 7 to G 5. your knight at G 8 to F 6. your pawn at E 7 to E 5. your pawn at F 7 to F 5. your pawn at B 7 to B 6. your pawn at H 7 to H 6. your pawn at E 7 to E 6. your pawn at F 7 to F 6. your pawn at D 7 to D 6. your pawn at B 7 to B 5. your pawn at D 7 to D 5. your knight at G 8 to H 6. your pawn at A 7 to A 6. your pawn at G 7 to G 6. your knight at B 8 to C 6. your pawn at A 7 to A 5. your pawn at H 7 to H 5. your knight at B 8 to A 6. your pawn at C 7 to C 6. or your pawn at C 7 to C 5. Which piece do you want to move next.
pawn
Your pawns are at A 7 B 7 and C 7. There have been 1 moves in this game. Which move would you like to make now.
C
Which move would you like to make now.
is

What's the time
I don't know that one yet. If you were attempting to make a move, say move before your request. Say help for advice on how to play. Try asking where your enemies pieces are to hear a list of their locations. Which move would you like to make now.


log:
problem1----------crash!


time:
448.93717408180237